1. my self aravind iam fom hyderabad and coming to my work experince iam having almost 
   3.8years of experience in production and application support
    Roles and Responsbiliti...
2.The current organisation is Microspark and my client is wellsforgo it is American Bank
3. so we are handling in the cretical Application external and internalfor the we are
   Maintaining production server
4. so here we have almost 300 servers in the production whenever any issues we will get 
   alots through the servers Now to troubleshoot the production issue for the application
   we are using few monitoring tools 1) Splank, 2) appdynamic

   Splank:- splank we will monitoring the web server request average response time and mainframe
  response time and Percentage of succssfull request error return code if we observe abnormal behevior
  we will risen into incident service now Reach out to that particular application Team and report 
  that issue
  Appdynamic:-
1. in Appdynamic we have critical applications to monitor
2. so we will monitor Test nodes check weather all the nodes of server properly runing are not if any 
   server is not running and it is a down
3. Then we will Risen into Incident in server and assign C-Task to the unix Oparations and we will
   restart the server
4. And also we will findout the root cause by doing the troblushoot in appdynamic for trobleshoot
   we will go the heathrules & Voilation the we will see the list of the events if we want to check
   Particular event in detail then we will open that alert and check the metric date the it will
   show the path of the page what is the exactly throwing issue.
5. to check the page we will go to metric browser and follow that path and find out the root cause.
6.And also On Regular Bars/Regular Activities we have lot of changes that will happen on regularly
   those changes all.
    A)CI/CD Deployment   
    B)Rheel Patching
    C)Release Activites Etc...
7.  if their is any changes in the production we will be participate in the activites and to perform
    post - centication/Testing for our Application and report to that change managment Team... 



